ok good now what i want is for the ai to act like a front end advanced and senior front end developer and also as a designer who has worked as an amazing designer who has desined top websites that has different functionalities. Make sure to make it a full fledged website without dodgins any thing and making it a complete website in full no matter how long it takes just make it with indepth detailing. 

The website is fully dynamic and doesnt have much static information. It is corely coded in html,css,json and js fully. Also there are folder for each and also asset folder where image and sounds are stored. 

The website is about a fantasy world which i have made and fully about world of magic and something that is completely imaginary but fun. have as much humor and tips there so you can have interaction with the viewers. on top of each page there will be common responsive nav bar which will be dynamically called in each of the page where you can go from one page to another. Also if you are going to use slides use swiper. cause its more amazing and also with different styling for each having different type of swiper for each with different animation.

Also the color theme for this page will be Cyan Blue and White with Divine Yellow color for light theme  then Black, Demonic Red and Olive Green for Dark Mode.

SO in this website there will be 4 pages. each having their own functionality.

1. index (HOME PAGE)

This is the page where you get the introduction to what the world of my kretos is. I will also drop you the json file i havve made so you know. But you can add more data and improvise it and make a new data.json for this specific page.

After nav bar there will be a hero section where dynamic slides will be seen from the datas that we will be provided. Each hero slide will have on the bg their herobg will show and then on the left side there will be a heropng which will be in a wobble animation then in the right side there will be a stats of progression bar showing their stats and all. and in the middle there will be their name and a little bit of description with ... see more where when you click it thier related data will show up in a hero modal of respective hereos. Also make sure you dont mix and mag heroes data and have random 7 slides that keeps on changing everytime you refresh the page.

Right below it will be Legendary Heroes section where you can see 5 recommended heroes to explore that will also be randomly chosen using dynamicacoding. Dynamically these slides will be evenly shaped but in different and assymetrical geometrical shape that looks too game like. each having IconImage, Their rating, Hero short description and theier nickname with a learn more button which redirects to hero page with their data in depth. this wont have swiper though. 

Then comes dynamically dawn data for sections of Geography & Kingdoms,Factions & Alliances and Class System which will be in different swiper slides each having their own different css and different shapes and much amazing visuals. Also each swiper should be different from each other having different animation when swipping. 

After that there will be Monsters & Creatures with lots of Monsters card in swiper drawn from the data dynamically. It will also be a different swiper with different card shape something like a monster card shape with assymetrical shape  but cool one.  Just like  Legendary Heroes section this section will also have IconImage, Their rating, monster short description and their nickname with a learn more button which redirects to monster page with their data in depth

then after that there will be meet with Meet the Creators where their icon and name with what they do is there and when you click them a modal will pop up where you will know their Profession and everything in detail what they did for this website. A positive response and also atleast 3 different questions and answers for each in different container and different from each other. Also life motto and which one is their fav hero and fav monster and why.

For modals for both monsters and heroes the layout is almost same. The container modal will be divided into two containers in column first. one for the image where you can select what kind of image you want to see in tab form if you click on normal the normal image comes if you click on 90's that shows and also make sure these modals can also be swipped between each other and no if you clicked on certain tab like 90's image then when you swipe to another modal 90's modal image of respective hero/monster shows. The tabs are normal,real, 90,full,half. Then in the second column container there will be differnent containers name and description rank and level in one container, then the rating out of 10 in another container. then their nickname in one container then titles in one container. and only stats in progressive bar format with smooth animation when you load each time or swip each time. As this is a summary modal for each there will be a learn more button which will redirect to the respective hereos and monster page for full details.

2. Heroes Page (Heroes Details in full)

Same like homepage there will be nav bar dynamically drawn. Then this page is specifically to show and search the all the heroes in the data. You can searcha the heroes that are there in the webiste with their name or their secret id code which will be only known to the admins or premium users Like for vvitch_xabar since his id is 1 his secret code will be secretcode1 code. and so on. When you if you dont search all heroes card in square image will show where only their iconimage and name with rating will show. and when you click on it their respective hero modal shows.

In the hero modal just like in index page data The container modal will be divided into two containers in column first. one for the image where you can select what kind of image you want to see in tab form if you click on normal the normal image comes if you click on 90's that shows and also make sure these modals can also be swipped between each other and no if you clicked on certain tab like 90's image then when you swipe to another modal 90's modal image of respective hero/monster shows. The tabs are normal,real, 90,full,half. Then in the second column container there will be differnent containers name and description rank and level in one container, then the rating out of 10 in another container. then their nickname in one container then titles in one container. and only stats in progressive bar format with smooth animation when you load each time or swip each time. But this time it will have fully detailed information about their Name, titles, nicknames, shortdescription, appearance(with different containers of race face and every details) , attire (containers of upper lower and other details), bodytype(upper and lower in different containers), weapons(name, type, aura and even different containers for skills), lore, relationships, mount, speciality and images will show.

3. Monster Page()

Same like homepage there will be nav bar dynamically drawn. Then this page is specifically to show and search the all the monster in the data. You can searcha the monster that are there in the webiste with their name or their secret id code which will be only known to the admins or premium users Like for Malphas since his id is 1 his secret code will be secretcode1 code. and so on. When you if you dont search all monster card in square image will show where only their iconimage and name with rating will show. and when you click on it their respective monster modal shows.

In the monster modal just like in index page data The container modal will be divided into two containers in column first. one for the image where you can select what kind of image you want to see in tab form if you click on normal the normal image comes if you click on 90's that shows and also make sure these modals can also be swipped between each other and no if you clicked on certain tab like 90's image then when you swipe to another modal 90's modal image of respective monster shows. The tabs are normal,real, 90,full,half. Then in the second column container there will be differnent containers name and description rank and level in one container, then the rating out of 10 in another container. then their nickname in one container then titles in one container. and only stats in progressive bar format with smooth animation when you load each time or swip each time. But this time it will have fully detailed information about their Name, titles, nicknames, shortdescription, appearance(with different containers of race face and every details) , attire (containers of upper lower and other details), bodytype(upper and lower in different containers), weapons(name, type, aura and even different containers for skills), lore, relationships, mount, speciality and images will show.

4. Novel page. I will give you novel description later on which is currently being made which will be static.

without changing the data json.

